Update README and documentation (#499)
JuliaMath/Interpolations.jl: docs/src/index.md

# Interpolations

[![version](https://juliahub.com/docs/Interpolations/version.svg)](https://juliahub.com/ui/Packages/Interpolations/VpKVx)
[![pkgeval](https://juliahub.com/docs/Interpolations/pkgeval.svg)](https://juliahub.com/ui/Packages/Interpolations/VpKVx)
[![Build Status](https://github.com/JuliaMath/Interpolations.jl/actions/workflows/CI.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/JuliaMath/Interpolations.jl/actions/workflows/CI.yml?query=branch%3Amaster)
[![deps](https://juliahub.com/docs/Interpolations/deps.svg)](https://juliahub.com/ui/Packages/Interpolations/VpKVx?t=2)
[![Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-stable-blue.svg)](http://juliamath.github.io/Interpolations.jl/stable)
[![Latest](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-latest-blue.svg)](http://juliamath.github.io/Interpolations.jl/latest)

> This package implements a variety of interpolation schemes for the
> Julia language.  It has the goals of ease-of-use, broad algorithmic
> support, and exceptional performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The package [Interpolations.jl](https://github.com/JuliaMath/Interpolations.jl/)
implements a variety of interpolation schemes for the
Julia language.  It has the goals of ease-of-use, broad algorithmic
support, and exceptional performance.
```
To get a link from the docs back to the repo (which can be useful if people find the docs first).

> interp_linear_extrap = LinearInterpolation(xs, A,extrapolation_bc=Line()) 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
interp_linear_extrap = LinearInterpolation(xs, A, extrapolation_bc=Line()) 
```
